GH-124715: Move trashcan mechanism into `Py_Dealloc` (#132280)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-04-08-17-48-11.gh-issue-124715.xxzQoD.rst

Prevents against stack overflows when calling Py_DECREF. Third-party
extension objects no longer need to use the "trashcan" mechanism, as

> protection is now built into the ``Py_DECREF`` macro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevents against stack overflows when calling :c:func:`Py_DECREF`. Third-party
extension objects no longer need to use the "trashcan" mechanism, as
protection is now built into the :c:func:`Py_DECREF` function.
```
